INTRODUCTION
Our mission is to be the smartest and most helpful food platform in existence.

The features looked interesting and relatable.
* Few aspects of it looked challenging enough.
* The other features looked practically achievable

We help people discover what to eat based on personal preferences and data
allow us to understand recipes at a deeper level, and recommend recipes to our users based on their diets, allergies, tastes, and more.
............ allows you to browse beautifully photographed
 and easy-to-follow...... allow recipes and save them to your own digital cookbook."

Food is a very integral part of all our lives. It is a composite mixture of various ingredients which is consumed for nutrition. Nutrition refers to the process in which the food consumed is utilized by the human body for nourishment and strength.

We all have an opinion on what constitutes the best food for nourishment and why but we are not always sure what to cook, how to cook, when to cook, how much to cook? and that is where ....... looks to provide that assistance in making that decision a tad easier.

USE OF THE PROJECT

Recipe hub where a user can:
* add new recipes
* veiw recipes
* reveiw and feedback or comment or rate recipes
* favurite/like some recipes

Features
Finder Module:
 Registration
 Log In
 Select Ingredients
 View Recipes (order by selected ingredients)
 Searching Recipes
 Add favorite recip

Rapidcook is an web application which analyze user’s kitchen and tell user what he/she can
make with his/her available ingredients. It is quick recipe maker, It suggests what to cook and
it gives information from the popular recipe websites. It makes you know which recipe is
ready to cook or not. User can get all possible recipes by just adding ingredients what he/she
has available.
Rapidcook project’s aim to find out the desire recipes to the user. Because for finding recipes
user has to find first ingredient in the google and there are many ingredient to search which is
very time waste issue and difficult to find out the desire recipe. My project Rapidcook
suggests thousands of recipes order by ingredients. It easily detects the matched and
unmatched recipes easily.

EXISTING SYSTEM
Sure,there exist some alike projects,but i have added some different features like users can add their favourite recipes. 
there is no risk of mismanagement
User friendliness is provided in the application with various controls.
 The system makes the overall project management much easier and flexible.
 There is no risk of data mismanagement at any level while the project
development is under process.


FEASIBILITY OF THE PROJECT

........... project’s aim to find out the desire recipes to the user. Because for finding recipes
user has to find first ingredient in the google and there are many ingredient to search which is
very time waste issue and difficult to find out the desire recipe. My project Rapidcook
suggests thousands of recipes order by ingredients. It easily detects the matched and
unmatched recipes easily.

It will try to provide a more secure, fast operational, risk managing, user friendly system
which will give to user the best service

Operational Feasibility
In the side of user all around the world every people can use it. Because we all need to
cook and need to know about recipes so every user can use it and operate it. 
Economic Feasibility
Rapidcook (Quick Recipe Maker) will reduce the number of working time, budget
money, problems in data processing, processing time, suffering percentages of people. It
will increase process speed, user satisfaction, service accuracy level. This project design
based on all operational parameters such as reliability, maintainability, supportability,
usability, sustainability, affordability. At this time. Our collaboration can provide the
service to the maximum number of user.

 Functional Requirements
 Admin do login while for accessing the system
 Add category
 Add ingredient
 Add recipes
 Admin do logout to leave the system
 User select ingredient
User search the recipe without login

Nonfunctional Requirements
Security:
Personal details and admin, login id & password, must be remain confidential.
Availability:
The website is available for 24 hours a day. It is always available for user.
Usability:
It has good graphical user interface. It is user friendly. So user feel easy to use.

FUTURE SCOPE:
* The application could be more interactive and intuitive.
* Implementaion a global search bar with filters like difficulty level,cuisine etc.
* I would like to add social media sharing buttons and singning up with social media account.

Future Features
Meal Planner
Picks a random assortment of recipes (that the user has and hasn't tried) that use ingredients in the user's pantry, and picks a recipe for the user to make for each meal of the week.

Daily Recipe
Picks a random recipe that the user hasn't tried (possibly with some personal tailoring) and displays it on the home page.

Conversion of Ingredient Portions
Allows users to convert ingredient amounts to whatever they are most comfortable using. Would work as a drop down menu next to the ingredient amount on each recipe page.

Recipe Cards
Recipes can be exported/shared to social media as different templated recipe cards.

It can be used in any where because it is web based application. User can browse
and get desire recipes in staying their home, office or other place.
 User does not need to log in for searching recipes.
 It populates recipe information from popular recipe web site so there are no false
information providing to the user.
